asiana21-DOCSUP-979-validate_polygons (#136)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: 16.

## validate\_polygons {#validate_polygons}

Enables or disables throwing an exception in the [pointInPolygon](../../sql-reference/functions/geo.md#pointinpolygon) function, if the polygon is self-intersecting or self-tangent.

Possible values:

> - 0 — Throwing an exception is disabled. In this case, `pointInPolygon` will accept invalid polygons and return possibly incorrect results for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 0 — Throwing an exception is disabled. `pointInPolygon` accepts invalid polygons and returns possibly incorrect results for them.
```
